McDonalds
Come on, win it all, from Hollywood, California, Melt the On Promise, the NerdMelt Theater,
Harmontown is now in second place. The Vodka's on stage, the Comptroller is at his desk.
Let's welcome the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon. Wow! What a crowd!
I hope some of you got some of Erin McGathy's cupcakes on the way in.
Loaded with peyote. Sorry about that.
The time D&D starts is going to get wild.
I had convinced Erin on the ride over here tonight, the topic of kiss came up, the band Kiss,
because we drove past a billboard for some new reality show, and I had her convinced for a few blocks
that there was a fifth member of Kiss named Kissy Face, but there was Cat Face and Demon Face
and Star Face, but there was a guy, the original member was Kissy Face, and he was the drummer
and he had a big hat shaped like lips and they kicked him out of the band and shortened the name to Kiss.
And you had sold her on that?
She was googling like crazy. She was looking for pictures. I was like, keep looking, they covered it up.
The story of Kiss doesn't want you to know.
Are you talking about the same billboard I saw?
Yeah, it says from Arena Rock to Arena Football.
The reality show, there is an indoor football team called the Los Angeles Kiss,
that's an actual indoor football team that's called the Kiss, and that Kiss owns.
That's not a TV show.
Well, it is now, motherfucker, coming soon to AMC, we just did their work for them.
For real?
Yeah, that's what it said, new series coming.
I saw that billboard, thought it was an ad like buy tickets now to go see the Kiss.
Now check it out, of all the shows we could promote with this show.
Go flock to AMC and watch Kissy Football.
It's called Fourth and Rock?
Fourth and Loud.
Fourth and Loud doesn't rhyme or scan.
How about Third and Dumb?
You may notice, Jeff, that I have a new phone case here. It looks like a book.
It also is a wallet. It's got my driver's license and credit cards in it.
A little bit of money.
Not a lot.
If somebody in the audience guesses how much money, do they get to keep the whole thing?
No.
I don't have a wallet in my back pocket. I am wallet free for the last three days.
I'm doing an experiment. Can I just have my phone case?
I have no wallet in my back pocket.
My anxiety about that, I'm projecting my own anxiety onto that.
You have your phone and all of your essential identification, credit cards, money, all in one basket.
If you lose your phone, you've lost the whole shop.
I don't lose my phone, especially now that it's my wallet.
I definitely won't because I'm constantly...
The uncomfortable thing about it is that I've trained myself because I used to lose my wallet constantly
when I was in my 20s.
The third time you lose your wallet and you have to get a new driver's license and all that shit,
you get really conditioned to...
I'm constantly patting my ass whenever I'm anywhere.
Whenever I stand up, whenever I'm leaving a building, I just give my ass a good pat.
Then if there's nothing there, I panic.
Then if it's in my front pocket, I go, oh god.
Now, I'm also tired of every time I sit down, I have to pull out a phone, I have to pull out a wallet,
I have to pack them up on the table with some weird distracting beginning to every sit down with me.
What's this guy stacking all this shit on the table for?
What's his deal? What's he going to put up there next?
Like a wrench or a shoe? Who is he? What kind of status play is this?
Now I just put down this little book.
I like that it's a little leather-bound edition.
It looks like a little Bible.
You look like kind of an old-timey preacher.
Yeah.
It's pretty nice.
I'll go back to the iHarmon pretty soon because I just realized something.
You're not going to stick with the iHarmon, man.
I think I am now because I have to remember things and I think that whatever,
the thing that stops me from writing them down, I just realize this now.
It has nothing to do with the technology or how hard it is,
and everything to do with the fact that it always feels weird to pull out your phone and start it up
because that looks identical to not giving a shit about what someone's saying.
When, in fact, writing it down with a pencil and a piece of paper, they'll be like,
Holy fuck, this guy's really listening to me.
Morally Safer is here.
Yeah, and it's like the opposite if you get your phone out.
It looks like you're texting people while they're talking.
All right, so that concludes Boring Corner.
Shark Week, it's Shark Week, Jeff.
Oh, God, they started today.
I have, look, I didn't watch the last couple of Shark Weeks because I didn't like where Shark Week was going.
I just read an article about this.
Oh, yeah?
Yeah.
So I went, yesterday, I went through the Direct TV, like DVR, like, you know, the guide, the kind of thing.
I said, let's see what 2014 new Shark material is, and they got some doozies coming up.
Well, some of them are lies, Jeff lies.
There's an article about it.
Shark lies?
Yeah, it's a little boy.com. I didn't write down my sources, but I was reading an article on the way here.
It's someone who has outraged at how Shark Weeks become about lies.
Lies, like fake sensationalized, like fake documentaries masquerading as real ones.
Well, there's one that's called, like, there's something that sounds like a movie about a shark.
Like Megalodon.
Megaloshark or something.
It's not Megalodon.
It's like a prehistoric shark.
Well, yeah, but there got one this Shark Week about Megalodon, and it's fake.
But that's whole baloney, yeah.
Exactly.
I read an article by an outraged journalist.
It's abalone.
Shark Week is abalone.
And dot funny.
And Discovery Canada aired a very controversial commercial featuring fake iPhone footage of a shark in Lake Ontario.
What?
And they say, watch Shark Week here in Canada, Discovery Canada, and they aired this little iPhone video that they staged with a fake shark in Lake Ontario.
And there's just a bunch of guys going, hey, hey, man, can we catch a fish?
Yeah, man, let's catch a fish.
Whoa, look, a shark!
And it's like this shark comes up and...
Why are they all from California then?
Yeah, I just think anyone that doesn't even think physical sounds like this.
Have you seen the Rob Lowe commercial for it?
He goes, so sharky.
What?
Rob Lowe is like jet skiing?
What's he doing?
He's standing on sharks.
He's standing on sharks like water skis kind of.
And there's some bikini gals, and he goes, so sharky.
No, I wouldn't say that.
I don't understand this person's outrage.
I guess this brings up an interesting topic.
Is the media supposed to have integrity, or are people supposed to...
Isn't that ship sailed?
Isn't the ball in people's court now?
Aren't we supposed to have integrity now?
We have to realize that the media is full of shit and start acting accordingly.
There's no thing like on John Oliver's show last week tonight or whatever,
and he talked about where they're making advertisement mimic news articles.
They look like news, and so it's the idea that we're making things look real,
but it's all just ads.
And the LA Times years and years ago started running things that looked like news
at the bottom third of the front page, and it was all advertisement.
And that caused a big shit storm.
But you should be able to...
I mean, we've entered an age now where it should just be up to people
to know that everything they see in here is fucking garbage bullshit.
I mean, we live on the inside of a goddamn honeycomb that we built
of people before us that were raised on media that was full of horse shit, too.
Like, we're three layers deep in a fucking beehive of garbage.
There's nothing, nothing. New York Times, fuck off.
There's nothing in there that's true.
Everything's the opposite of truth.
Anything that's not telling you that you live in a giant empire
that's running on the blood of the impoverished around the earth is a lie.
There's no sharks in Lake Ontario, and nothing else is true either.
No myths have been busted.
And by the way, I'm not complaining.
I love poor people's blood. It powers my new car.
I'm fucking, I love it.
I just think we should wear togas and commit to it.
Like Rome, they didn't have media in Rome that was lying.
And people were like, that ad for a cherry, it looks like a newspaper article.
Go, go, go, go.
No, lies, lies.
How what am I to do?
No, people get out there and give speeches, and they would...
Yeah, they would lie that way, and everyone knew they were lying,
and then every five years they'd kill them.
Here comes the big liar, hey, liar.
It's too powerful to call out lying too loud, because then he'll have us killed,
but pretty soon, let's rise up and kill him.
Everybody knew that everyone was lying.
The religion was a lie. Everyone knew it.
They were like, what do you worship?
Cat god.
He meows and makes the moon to turn into the sun.
Do you worship him or worship him?
I just love the parties.
I love dressing like a cat on Saturday.
You know, it's just like this idea that anything that you hear from anyone else
is anything other than entertainment, edification, like sharing emotion, you know.
Like, we're a bunch of thumb-sucking babies,
worrying about whether Shark Week has lost its integrity.
What is Discovery Channel supposed to be the last bastion of fucking...
That's so sad.
We all like Breaking Bad.
That's a network that used to be American movie classics.
Everybody headed for the hills at a certain point.
They're like, oh shit, Internet, run!
Everyone change the name of your network.
And just call it KY Jelly.
Don't forget that it used to be Kentucky Yoke...
Finish it, Jelly.
Okay.
Every network has like these letters and then you go like, oh yeah, that was the Nashville Network.
Yeah, I guess.
Now it's just fucking whatever, man, every man for itself.
The learning channel and the history channel have become hilarious.
And then some of them try to cling to some vestige of their old identity and going like,
the learning channel.
Because everything's learning.
They have these new slogans like, we're watching the Discovery Channel.
Sometimes television is Discovery.
Right now you're learning that there's a monster's rerun on it.
The history channel.
You know what tomorrow's history is?
Whatever happened today?
You know what's happened today?
Ben Johnson's eating the sandwich.
So, airing tonight, tomorrow's history.
Yeah.
Alright, so anyways, I mean, what's not, please, it's a television.
If you ask a toaster, what's the most important thing in the world?
It's gonna tell you bread.
And if you ask a toaster, it's opinion of bread.
It's going to say, I don't think it's toasted enough.
So let's look at the television as an appliance.
What do you think it's doing?
It's making you watch it.
Is your neighbor racist?
Is it dangerous to go outside?
Fuck yeah!
Says the television.
Does your racist neighbor have bread?
Says the toaster.
Bring it in here.
If you can't finish it, put it in me.
Says the refrigerator.
But the fucking television is the worst of all.
It's telling you just whatever you do, stay in your living rooms.
And it will tell you anything to make that happen.
Don't go to church.
Don't go skiing.
Does the toaster tell, when you're in bed at night,
does the toaster tell the TV, when they get up, tell him to buy more bread?
I don't know.
There's nothing about bread commercials on every channel.
The balance has been unbalanced.
I don't know, maybe there's fun musical numbers like Beauty and the Beast.
I met Werner Herzog.
I saw the photo of that, it's amazing.
That was after a 15 minute chat about movies.
He came in and did a voice for Rick and Morty.
I have Werner Herzog questions.
Did he disappoint or did he satisfy?
I've never met a famous person that was just exactly what you'd expect.
But it's not to say that he's predictable at all,
because what you expect at Werner Herzog is that he's going to come in and be Werner Herzog.
So he came in and I said, thank you for coming.
Oh, thank you.
I found a parking outside.
He wanted to know.
He wanted to know the voice of a cartoon alien.
The character's name is Old Reptile.
So he's like, is he a crocodile?
Snake?
He's an Old Reptile, he's an alien.
Do you have some form of...
I can't make him sound like Peter Lorre.
You're a little Michael Madsen there too.
Do you have a fucking ear I could cut off?
He wanted to see something.
The character hasn't been drawn yet.
So there's no concept art?
So we showed him a little bit of Rick and Morty.
I showed him a scene from the pilot when they're in the intergalactic customs.
So he watches it for a second and he goes, ah, yes, I see.
Yes, they are creatures but they speak normally.
Wait, okay.
Second Werner Herzog question.
Is Werner Herzog now going...
Is he going to be on like Bob's Burgers and stuff too?
I hope not.
Is he out doing cartoon voices?
How did you pull this?
We just sent to the casting department while he'd do it.
He's in LA and they were like, yeah, he'll do it.
Well, I don't want to...
He just did it for scale.
So you got Werner Herzog in the booth.
And he's got the headphones on.
And who's directing him?
I'm directing him.
And Justin's there probably?
Well, he had a lot of questions about it.
He was like, so do you want me to do exaggerated...
Why do I...
I can't do...
I was doing this impression for a while.
Just go part German.
Be more straight.
I can't...
I think that we have ways of making you talk.
That's just a phrase I use to get into my German character.
I'm sorry to our German listeners.
It's a little Don Corleone right now.
That is the day of my furor's wedding.
You come to me.
All right, so anyways, maybe...
He's in the booth.
I mean, tell me if you're ready for this one.
First he had to understand...
He was like, do you want me to do an exaggerated version of myself?
I said, no, no, no.
Don't do...
Just be yourself.
And he's like...
You know, myself is...
Here we go.
You know, that's...
This is an automobile construct.
And I said, well, the guy that you are...
You know, the guy that you are having grown up watching your movies.
Like that guy.
And he's like, oh, well, see, that guy, you know, that is...
I am being an exaggerated version of myself.
I said, okay, yeah, exactly.
He's saying...
Presentational.
In his movies, he's performing for us?
He just means...
He just means like anybody is.
Like when you're talking into a microphone,
you fucking step on the gas a little bit.
So then he got in the booth and already watched the cartoon.
He said, yeah, the creatures speak normal.
And then he got in and he does this monologue.
And it's about penises.
And it's just this big, long monologue.
He'd already read the material before he got there.
Yeah.
And he said, I read the screenplay.
And I synced it.
I synced it.
It is very funny.
Yeah.
And I was like, yeah, you bet.
You bet your...
He went in there and then he fucking nailed it.
Like first take, he just did it.
And because he's playing an old reptile who,
without spoiling the story,
he's just a cameo.
He's just an old reptile alien who's explaining to the other aliens
that he's spent a lot of time on Earth,
among the Earthlings,
and noticed their relationship with their penises.
So...
And it's just a big, long monologue about this cosmic observer
talking about how humans feel about their penises.
It's funny when they're small.
It's funny when they're big.
It's...
I've been to parties where men will take an object,
hold it in front and say,
hey, I missed her so-and-so dick.
Was it Pringles by any chance, Ben?
So, he nails it.
And then we just did something.
I was like, well, can you do it more intense?
Can you do it more tragic?
Can you do it more things?
And then he...
It was fun.
It was a lot of fun.
Then he plopped down and talked about...
I wanted to talk to you about the act of killing
because he executed, produced that,
and he explained how he discovered that movie
or how it was brought to him by Joshua Oppenheimer.
And we talked about how amazing that movie was for a while.
And it turns out he, for those of you who have seen it,
like, I won't spoil it for those of you who haven't,
go find the act of killing and watch it.
I've talked about it on this podcast.
It's one of the most incredible documentaries I've ever seen.
The ending of it will be particularly impacting to you.
And he told this story about how he was actually very key
in the way that that ending was edited or rather not edited.
He was the voice of trying to convince the filmmaker.
You can't.
You have to show all three minutes of this unedited at all.
And I said to him, if you do this,
if you shoot this movie for seven years
and then edit the final three minutes in any way,
you have spent your life in vain.
And I said, is that also how you order breakfast?
If I do not get feta cheese and a scramble,
if there aren't also bits of bacon.
And I was amazed by his story.
I was like, wow, this guy's a real fucking, like, he's a genius.
That story proves it.
But then he said another story that kind of undercut it
because I meant, he said, who else has done the show?
And I said, Stephen Colbert.
And he said, I had an influence on Stephen Colbert.
I say that with humility, but he, I was doing his show
and he came up to me in the hallway before
and I had not seen it.
I asked him, is it Colbert or Colbert?
And he said, oh, it's the French.
It's Colbert.
And I said, that being the case,
you should think about changing the pronunciation of reports
and do the French of that, which is rapport.
And soon after that, he started using that pronunciation
of the show.
And I was like, adorable.
And I said, did you meet him on the Daily Show?
Or did you meet him?
And he's like, no, no, his show.
I'm like, oh, that's when he started pronouncing it differently.
OK.
And then I just moved on.
You can just picture what it was like doing that
and Stephen Colbert going, you know what?
I'm going to do that.
You know exactly how that story unfolded.
That's so cute.
But an amazing guy had really just kind of, yeah,
when he enters the room, it's kind of, I don't know,
you feel it.
What archetype is that?
He's like, he fills a niche for people.
I think sometimes in his documentary,
Grizzly Man is sometimes, he injects himself a little more
than I think he might want to do.
He makes himself more of a protagonist in his documentary
sometime where he's like, what's up with Grizzly Man?
He's like, he's hearing the cell phone of the guy
getting killed by the bear.
And he's in front of the wife.
He's like, oh, this is the worst.
You should never listen to this.
Yes, never listen to this.
Don't ever.
This is really bad stuff.
Don't, don't listen to this.
Yeah, he does a lot of weird stuff.
That's why you're watching his movies.
You feel this like, you feel like you're in the hands
of some strange master, you know.
You know, it's great.
His movies might take some weird left turn.
Have you seen My Best Fiend?
About him and Charles Kinski?
That's a doozy.
Yeah, that's how I was introduced to him actually.
That was one of Dino's favorite movies.
Yeah.
He showed that to me.
But yeah, what a gem.
I'd like him to, I'd like him to be New Pierce
on Community.
I think that would be great.
Oh, yeah.
That's so amazing.
Yes.
This, this, this things you are talking about
at the study room table is,
I understand the concepts,
but the real question is at what price?
And if you change the letters in price, you get Pierce.
I'm getting a, I'm getting a new car.
I want, I want, I want to, yeah, I know.
It's a few cheers first.
I know.
I said it that way.
You reacted that way.
It's just the one that runs on human blood.
Yeah.
It's just, yes.
It has a straw that goes from it to the third world.
It's a new like super stretchy straw.
Where are you driving in LA?
The straw reaches over to the Gaza Strip
and it just, it just sucks up too late.
You didn't care 40 years ago.
Their parents were in a live 40 years ago.
I don't know why I'm trying to high road you.
I pay my taxes like everyone else.
The, but anyways, yeah, I'm getting a,
I need to get a new car.
So I came home last night.
You're getting that Tesla?
We were hanging out.
I decided against the Tesla.
It's too, it's out of my, it's, it's not for me.
It's for guys that are like, you know, like super like,
like, you know, like Rockefeller, like, you know,
I'm not ready yet for the Tesla.
Wayne Brady has a Tesla.
He's not Rockefeller.
Wayne Brady is more Rockefeller than I am.
Wayne Brady can have a Tesla.
You shouldn't have a Tesla until you have more than one car.
That's what it is.
You should have one of those special garages
like in Ferris Bueller's day off.
Like, like, like a car, like a car garage.
Like a, like a, like, like where, like a garage.
No, as, as opposed to the black widow toilet storage
that I have, I have like six toilets
and a bunch of McDonald's cups.
Why do you have six toilets?
I'll tell you, I'm glad you asked.
Because there was some, and I,
maybe I'm getting myself in trouble, I'd say.
Is that an exaggeration first off?
Are there really six toilets?
I think it's like five toilets or something.
It doesn't make sense.
Just five toilets looming about in your, in your car garage.
There's three bathrooms in my house.
So why would there be more than three toilets?
Maybe it's three in a, it just, it looks like five.
Oh, you know what it is?
I bet it's like the tank comes in one box or something.
I don't know.
It's a bunch of boxes.
They're in boxes.
There's not just loose toilets.
No, they're, they're brand new.
It doesn't look like a public restroom in there.
When I bought my home, the realtor explained to me,
I don't know, I don't know if we're all going to end up in jail
for me saying this.
The realtor told me there's a, in the 70s,
there was this law passed that said like anyone that bought a new,
bought a home new had to change the toilets out to these low flush toilets
because there was this big drought in the 70s
and there was this rule passed.
And it's, you know, you're only required to buy the toilets.
That's all they're going to check on.
So I'll just have them put them in the garage.
What?
Why not install them?
Because they're low flush, Jeff.
I have giant turds.
I'm a 41 year old behemoth.
I'm a, I'm a human bear.
But low flush toilets still flush the big turds too.
They're just, they're just, they're more modern.
They're, they're, they're designed.
So what's the low part that they're like groovy?
I think, I think toilets early on were,
were designed without water conservation in mind.
And so there was just needless water usage.
All right.
Well, I'll have a task rabbit come over.
You guys use task rabbit?
It's like the Uber of having people like do shit around your house.
You can just, you can just, Aaron uses it.
You can just call it task rabbit.
You've got, you've got boxes of toilets there just as a graft thing.
Like where you just try to.
It's like, yeah, it's kind of like, yeah,
when Paulie took over the bar and good fellas.
Yeah. It's like the toilets came in.
They went out.
They're just toilets.
They're just sitting there.
They're brand new toilets.
If you want, if you want a toilet.
Now I feel guilty.
I'll have them installed.
Jesus Christ.
I thought when I heard low flush, I thought,
oh, that's so less turds go down.
That doesn't seem very convenient.
So anyways, I don't want to get off a lot of tangents.
I, I, I'm getting a new car.
I'm driving, I need to get a new car.
And I want to be very careful about it.
I've never really bought a grown up car before.
And what are you getting?
I don't know, but I came home last night after we were at little Tom's for a while.
And Aaron didn't come out because she said she was working on something.
It turns out she was working on,
she made a PowerPoint presentation for me to help me price cars and look at them.
And a little, it was a little presentation.
It said, it said, it was called Honk for Harmon.
And then, and then it listed the criteria that I've been talking about.
Turns out the thing that I'm interested in is called infotainment.
I didn't know there was a word for it.
I've heard of edutainment and I like that just as little as infotainment.
Jesus Christ, I thought they fixed the air conditioning in here.
All right.
Uh, yeah, it's, it's info.
I don't know, it's all the shit that you want to know about a car,
but then I'm like, what about the screen and the thing and the doodads?
So you want the, the interactivity.
I was like, get a chastle.
They got that giant.
Like there's like five iPods in there.
iPads is 60 to a hundred something thousand dollars.
Like it's like, it's like two, you can't lease one.
You got that Yahoo money now.
I'm spending that on the wedding.
And also I'm like, we're going to do crazy shit with Harmontown.com.
And like, I've already, I'm already spending too much money,
but I'm going to get a night.
I'm going to get a really nice like grown up car.
What's the front runners right now for you in the PowerPoint presentation?
Well, I thought I'd share this on the podcast in case anybody,
any of you car companies out there wanted to,
I was thinking maybe a BMW, an infinity, a Mercedes.
If you're listening out there, you know, I'm still looking around.
Uh, give me a call.
I mean, I'll only be, you know, doing this podcast for all these.
Why don't we advertise in the show?
Do we decide not to?
We, we're waiting for the big fucking hall.
We're not going for that short chump change, short con fucking.
Because, because I was talking to Wade Randolph today,
and he, you know, and Willie Roberts have a show.
What's it called? A real life sci-fi or something like that?
And they're already advertising.
They already have revenue.
They're already pulling it in.
Yeah, but how much?
I don't know.
I mean, it's like.
Yeah, but we went, we've been courting Nike for 30 years now.
It's beer money.
If you're, if you're down there, you know, smaller audience or whatever,
like if you're not like some kind of big giant thing that people are flocking to,
to hear all their news or something, you can't really, it's kind of like,
it'll sustain.
I would like that.
Like, it's like, when our podcast start and I goes,
Feral audio and then my music plays right before that.
Tonight's Harmontown brought to you by BMW.
The ultimate driving machine.
Yeah.
But don't just get me like, like, I'll just be saying, Holy shit, Jeff,
I got the BMW SX 75 99 series.
It's so great.
I feel I'm such a happier person because of it.
You know, I'll be saying stuff like that when I get my new car.
That goes against everything.
I'll be doing it.
I'll be saying it for real.
Like the way I say, I love Minecraft.
Why aren't they paying you?
They don't need the money and they don't need to advertise.
It's like the best thing in the world.
I made a, I made a, I made a, like a refinery in Minecraft.
I had this pipe coming up because I play this like tech world to mod it out thing.
Spencer set up a server for it.
And so I made a glass dome and I have these little robots mine for me.
Because who the fuck wants to mine in Minecraft?
And then they put everything in a chest and then pumps,
deliver the ore and everything through these pipes, goes under my glass dome,
up through the ground in the center of the dome,
and into a series of pumps that go out four ways.
Separates the cobblestone, the dirt, the sand and the gravel.
I put some into assembly lines that compress them for easier storage.
And I was so proud of myself and I had a jet pack that I made.
And I soared up above the dome to look at my...
We're making podcast history, right?
I soared up above my dome to look at my new refinery.
You can soar above like an omnipotent force?
Yeah, with a jet pack.
And I soared up above it and it looked exactly like a swastika.
Because it's like stemming out and then it goes to right angles.
And I was like, oh shit, do I change it?
And I showed it to Erin and she's like, yeah, that really looks like a swastika.
And I said, yeah, and it looks like a swastika for the worst reason.
Efficiency.
It would be one thing if I was just some punk kid,
but it was like, yeah, I made this thing that sorts things and processes them.
It was an accidental byproduct that looked down and there's Hitler giving me the thumbs up.
You're doing great. Good job, Mr. Cobblestone Dominator.
I just started playing Clash of Clans and every hundredth base you go see looks like a swastika.
I think it's accidental. Some are just geometric shapes that look like they have a little swirly right angles.
And they are either backwards or proper swastikas.
And some are like, okay, that guy, his name also has like, you know, like umlauts in it and shit.
So that's how they're trying to, that's how they're going to make a comeback? The Clash of Clans?
When I was a kid, this might be bullshit, but I remember being a little kid on Main Street in Disneyland
and when you walked on Main Street there's curtains and supposedly,
and maybe it was imprinted on my mind, but there were curtains that had little swastikas on them on Main Street.
But that's also like an old-timey, you know, like an old, you know...
An old, no, an old-timey Nazi...
That symbol predates Nazism by...
Yeah, but I don't think that there were like, Incan Indians or whoever used it,
but like, that symbol predates Nazism in the sense that it's an American Native American.
Yeah, it's for, yeah, it's like my friend...
Yeah, but he's saying it, but Walt Disney wasn't really into India.
Anyways, Jesus Christ, are you dying?
I'm cool to trot over here.
Really? Maybe it's just fat.
Cheat day.
Cheat day, I'm probably sweating like cupcakes.
You're sweating like Patrick Ewing in the fourth quarter right now.
It's a Chris Rock joke.
I thought that was a Dallas reference.
You're so old.
I don't even know what we're talking about.
Patrick Ewing wasn't even an oil tycoon in the primetime soap opera.
Why are you sweating so much?
I see people fanning. Yeah, I'm like a freshly served Big Mac here.
I should have said McRib, that would have been funnier.
Stay tuned after the show for Harmontown After Hours, where I do a little punch-up on my...
on all the things I say.
Why don't we bring out Erin McGathy?
Yeah, you look very pretty and you're very jolly and you're dancing,
but in five minutes you're going to look like this.
You have a lot of layers on right now.
I feel like a fucking rosemary potato.
You're dressed for like a brisk spring day.
Yeah, I gained some weight recently and it's an illusion.
I'm a body magician.
The layers make you think, oh, she's so thin that she has to heat up.
It's called the Mary Kate diet is what I'm doing.
She's chilled to the bone.
I feel very comfortable though.
I did too when I first came up here.
It's heat, you know, it takes a while.
It takes a second.
I will tell you during this pause that after the show tonight,
our producer Dustin Marshall's lovely girlfriend Elizabeth Messick is doing a little gig,
a little half-hour spot with her band over at Harvard and Stone.
Golden afternoon.
Harvard and Stone, really?
Yeah, it's only a couple of minutes from here, so...
So rock and roll thingy.
I don't know if I will be going to the drawing room tonight after the show as we usually do
because I will be dead on the floor like a recently recaptured Scientologist
thrown into their detox chamber.
I'm sweating my life force out right now, so I probably won't be able to...
Do you have a bottle of water here?
I have God's water.
You're a big rim podcasting.
Yeah, right, yeah, well, if we're going to call my bluff, I'll stop complaining.
I'm not going to hydrate.
I need water.
I need chicken water.
How's it going, sweetie?
What's it like to be engaged to me?
Do you like it?
Yeah, are you...
While you hesitate, don't go.
You mean like the period before getting married?
Like an engagement?
Yeah, it's great.
Resounding hooray.
I mean, I feel spiritually like we got engaged much...
Someone's very friend has visited.
I don't know.
Yeah, it's great.
I love it.
Yeah.
I don't have anything tonight.
Today was a really fun day.
It was kind of a perfect day.
What happened?
Take us through your day, Aaron.
Well, we were up.
I forced you to play catchphrase last night, Jeff Davis.
Yeah, I was home at like 10.30 p.m.
and then went to your guy's place at midnight, I think, and left there at 3.30.
We played catchphrase and we watched Who's Line.
And also, we cried looking at YouTubes about people loving animals.
It was just another night at Dan and Aaron's.
I remember we were watching Dogs Decoded, a Nova episode about dogs.
I thought Russian ladies trying to make foxes angry and shit.
It was really ugly.
Yeah, I was excited.
They were showing this Russian lady who was trying to figure out if tameness in canines is genetic.
Or if it's nurture.
So she had all these foxes and cages and they were breeding one half of them for tameness.
Taking the tamest one from each litter and breeding them and so on and so forth.
The others, they were taking the aggressive ones and doing the same thing.
So they had two collections of foxes and they were learning an incredibly important thing about genetics.
They weren't really trying to impress the dogs or anything.
But Aaron just kept going like, why, get those dogs out of the cage.
You don't have to put dogs in cages.
They're foxes.
It's in Russia.
It's 1993.
I was about to say, I don't really remember the documentary.
Get that dog out of the cage.
Get it out.
It's a rape culture.
It's just a male gaze.
There's another Negroni.
Negroni is what I just said.
Yeah, so we were up, which is a cocktail made with vermouth, gin, and compare.
So it turns out.
We played three person catchphrase.
What I'm leading to is that we woke up very hungover.
When you left last night, Jeff, somehow you closed the gate so the gate came inside and was locked.
And our friends, Kimber and Dave, who were staying in our guest room, Dave had to teach a class this morning
and he couldn't get out and he had to jump the fence.
I just closed it behind me.
Yeah, it's not your fault.
It's the shitty gate.
It's not your fault.
I found the word secret button to get out and I closed it behind me.
It's not your fault at all because it's happened once before.
If it hadn't, then whew.
With a gate, it closed so hard that our friend couldn't get out of the gate.
What we had to do is we had to take a credit card, actually used Dan's pot card.
So it was like, well, this could be fucked up, right?
They're not going to be like, sir, your pot card's not pristine.
I don't think you're ready to handle this marijuana.
It's a prescription card for medicine I use for my anxiety.
So I think it being fucked up is more of a reason for you to get the medicine.
You're like, look what I did.
I was so anxious.
I tried to eat it.
I got up at 11.30 because my friends couldn't leave the house and got them out.
And then I started, I've been on a little baking cake.
Someone pointed out earlier how dangerous it is to put runts on cupcakes.
Is everybody okay?
Runts?
Yeah, runts.
There's a banana and other colored balls.
The world's biggest, hardest sprinkles.
Yeah, they're dangerous because they're not meant to be like sprinkles.
Maybe you could choke or break your teeth, but it sounds like everybody's okay.
Dead men tell no tales.
We were hungover.
It was a late morning.
It was just very fun because I was baking and I was watching a family movie like I like to do.
I watched Monsters vs. Aliens.
Very great, very body positive.
Made me feel really good.
Someone just said, what?
Watch it.
It's body positive.
You just have to understand that if you're a giant, you're a monster.
But then you're like, no, I want to be a monster.
Right, I want to be a monster.
Seth Rogen laughs too many times.
Just see it.
Is that Amy Poehler in the lead role?
No, I think it's Reese.
Oh, okay.
Witherspoon.
That's a crazy name.
She should own a media conglomerate.
Yeah, yeah, like Sumner Redstone or...
Reese Witherspoon acquired Warner Cable today.
Yeah, we've joked about how media conglomerate presidents always have like warlock names.
Sumner Redstone?
Jesus Christ, don't hurt me.
Don't hurt my village.
Blood River Nighttown?
Even Rupert Murdoch's getting a little sail in me.
He's at the top of a coal tower, for sure.
Who's the other one?
You don't write a script and the good guy's name is Rupert Murdoch.
There's another one like Sumner Redstone.
That one's the sexiest.
Yeah, there's another one.
There's a third one that's also like Windwit Willowman.
Well, that's a good system.
Wicker Spellcraft.
Smooth, smooth moon.
Oh, hey everybody.
Why don't you let that be Spencer's theme and we'll bring him out.
Spencer's theme!
Good job, Spencer.
Spencer bounced to the stage like a gazelle.
It's a real obstacle course, but yeah, I'm quirky.
What are you doing?
The president?
Spencer, take us through either a highlight or low light of your day today.
Of my day?
Yeah.
I don't know.
I hung out with Abed this morning, real Abed for you guys.
Highlight or low light?
That was the highlight.
He's a cool guy.
Sometimes he wakes up in the morning, so I text him.
Let's go to Porto's bakery.
And we do.
Oh god, does he die other days?
Some days he doesn't wake up so early.
Oh, Aaron.
I was woken up by Aaron, who clearly thought I might have been dead.
She woke me up.
She was like, Dan!
And I was like, what?
What?
And she was like, oh.
He was very still.
I'm just 41, that's all.
You're watching Duck It By, YouTube bits, and Dan and Aaron's place.
And there's the thing where the guy reunites with the gorilla, and there's this guy that
gets the whale free, and the whale starts breaching and putting on a display.
So we're all kind of tearing up.
Dan falls asleep, because I'm leaving.
I'm going to bed.
And then we start playing catchphrase.
And at some point, Aaron says, I gotta go to the bathroom.
They're all right?
And then she just crawls.
And it's not like the bathroom's right there.
She has to leave a room, leave another room, and then go to a hallway.
She just crawled like a giant baby.
I didn't bother to walk.
I was very drunk at last week's Hammer Town, and spent a lot of this.
Hammer Town.
It's a podcast I do after this one.
That was a Freightian summer soft goddamnit.
Did I really say Hammer Town?
Did I say Hammer Town?
I said Hammer Town.
All right.
Stop.
Hammer Town.
I feel very ashamed of how wasted I was at last week's Hammer Town, because we had been
drinking all day.
And then I do not remember crawling to the bathroom.
I was having a blast.
There was a lot of hollering in the last Hammer Town.
There was lots of yelling.
I got a little sloppy, yeah.
I think I was a little nervous, Dana Carvey, and I maybe drank all too much.
I was crying, really.
Yeah, it was a real mess.
Did you have lunch?
No.
If I don't have lunch, I will literally cry.
It's really embarrassing.
If you don't eat lunch, you'll just start crying?
Yeah.
I mean, obviously, I've never had this kind of burden, but I'd imagine it's a tiny bit
what it's like to get PMS.
Just in terms of like, I'll realize I'm crying, and I'll be like, why am I crying?
Oh, because it's three o'clock and I haven't had any Chinese food.
I mean, it is a similar thing where like, when you have PMS, I mean, people experience
PMS in different ways, but sometimes one will find themselves crying and be like, why am
I such a, oh, it's this.
Yeah, it's just something physiologically.
The surge is coming.
Spencer, next time you and I go for early morning Porto's Bakery, can I come along?
Sure, yeah.
Are you up in the morning?
Yeah.
Woo!
I got some tweets.
I know we have some pilgrims that have come from far and away to see Harvey Chan tonight.
I think there's someone from Belgium here, isn't there?
No, is there really?
Right over there.
I see it.
Wow!
Why did someone else clap over there?
Maybe they just love Belgium.
Belgium has the best Christmas rituals.
What's your name?
If you don't mind just asking, oh, where's the Belgian guy?
Yvonne.
Yvonne?
Oh, shit.
Yvonne.
Oh, man, that's foreign.
Yvonne, are you shy?
Do you want to come talk to us about Belgium at all?
Okay.
Yvonne!
So it's a tiny country, nestled in the highlands of the Belgium area.
Dan, before Levi can fill you in, what do you honestly know about Belgium as a country?
Small?
Landlocked?
No.
All right, that's it.
Tell us anything, Levi.
What are you doing out here?
Business trip?
Pleasure trip?
Roof trip.
Just a road trip?
Yeah.
Levi, you could have flown.
You just came out to the North America to just drive around?
Yeah.
Where else are you going?
You know, after I'm going to Joshua Street Park.
Oh, cool.
Oh, yeah.
Are you going to do some of those drugs?
No, no, no.
I don't do drugs.
Ah.
Well, it won't be as fun as you can get over here.
It's a desert.
And it's kind of shitty.
People go because no one wants to be there.
It's gorgeous out there.
No, it is.
I actually live there.
I'm sorry.
It's great.
You'll love it.
But you really should do drugs.
And I'll make it better.
He's going to do drugs.
His mom's listening now.
Okay.
What was it?
Is this your first stop?
California?
I went to San Francisco first.
Oh, nice.
We love San Francisco.
We do.
Yeah, me too.
Yeah.
What was your favorite part of San Francisco?
Well, not the hilly parts.
I walked in.
Oh, you walked around.
Oh, is there a hill myth in Belgium?
It's pretty flat.
Oh, okay.
Not used to it.
What do you do in Belgium?
Are you a student?
You look kind of young.
I'm a baker.
A baker.
Oh!
Yes!
What do you make?
Really?
I mean, what do you...
I mean, for your life?
Yeah.
Do you wear a hat?
My hair just grew a little.
A hat.
Oh, just a hair net?
Yeah.
Just wear one of those hats.
But on school, we had some of those hats.
One of my favorite bakeries that I've ever been to is in Chicago, and it's Belgian.
And they're amazing.
It's like the best pastry is the best coffee.
It's really, really wonderful.
What's...
Oh, sorry.
You go.
No, I think we're going to ask the same question.
Well, what's your favorite pastry?
That you make.
Like, what's...
Yeah.
Raspberry bavarois?
What is bavarois?
It's a sort of mousse with...
And a Lewis Carroll poem.
Who wear the bavarois, my friend?
You'll gain 20 pounds.
Boy, a baker from Belgium.
We're going to waste this opportunity.
I know it.
What do you think of American cuisine?
I like it.
I like burgers, hot dogs, pizza.
Pizza.
What the podcast listeners don't know is that this guy is actually Werner Herzog.
Werner Herzog is on stage pretending to be a Belgian baker.
So you listen to the podcast in Belgium?
Yeah.
Why?
I mean, what...
It's very flattering that someone from a foreign country would be tuning in.
I like communities.
I start listening to some podcasts with you.
Yeah, community is really important.
Just coming together as a group.
Understanding each other.
We have a great community here.
It doesn't even mean that other thing anymore.
It's like how cheers stop meaning anything.
I'm always astounded.
I always thought, and everybody always thought when we were making the show early on,
well, this is definitely not going to be internationally accessible.
But I don't know.
I guess it is.
I don't have a question for you.
I'm just so curious about a person born and raised in a foreign country like seeing community
and going like, ah, that's great.
I'm so astounded that that's possible.
I heard they love it in China for a much admittedly Chinese person.
There's called communism.
That's what I really chalked it up to.
They said it's very...
People really like it in China.
It's subtitled and it's on this website that's like Chinese Hulu.
That's nice.
I think we talked about this already.
Because I assumed when she said that I was like, oh, I bet it's because it's such a...
Yeah, it's about...
It's a collective.
Yeah.
Levi, what would you want Americans or whomever who's listening to this to know about Belgian people?
And are you a...
This could sound like a making a joke.
Are you a bell?
You're bell...
Like what?
I'm a...
Someone said, oh man.
But you just say Belgian.
You don't say like Turk or...
It's just Belgian in English.
Okay, what are the Flemish?
Tell me about the Flemish.
Something on the Flemish.
We are very...
As a folk.
Not outgoing.
Are you Flemish?
Yeah, Flemish.
What is Flemish?
Is that part of being a Belgian or not?
Yeah, we have three parts of a Belgian technically.
Flauners where we speak Flemish.
We're...
We'll be right back.
And we're back.
The new Infinity Essex series.
Gold-bond powder.
Oh, so in Flanders they speak Flemish.
Yeah, Daniel, the French part but I don't really know what the English term for that is.
Whoa.
Your dad's here.
Can you say that again, sir?
Wankers.
We have a guy from Suffolk back there.
A guy from a Guy Ritchie movie.
You fucking Belgian toilet.
I'll tell you what you call him.
You know you're a fucking cunt.
We're back, make your raspberry hubo cookies.
And wait till the Germans fucking evade you again, you twat.
You fucking twat.
They don't call them wankers.
Where are you from back there, fucking Southampton?
What is it?
London.
You're just a shadow monster from our vantage point.
Don't stab me later.
Wait, do people in London really feel competitive against people in Belgium?
No, I think it was reacting to the French, right?
The French part, what do they call them, right?
Is that just like your innate hatred of the French or a French adjacent?
No, I'm just very jealous.
Oh, yeah?
That's nice.
They call them Belgians.
Wait, get up here, get up here weirdo, get up here.
Shadow monster to the stage.
London calling.
London shadow monster, get up here.
I'm playing you at the Scottish Tune if you don't mind.
If you want to, of course.
You're fucking coming up here, mate.
You're fucking coming up.
International Harmontown.
All right.
No, I'm not sure, sit down.
No, what's your name, asshole?
Pietro.
Pietro, why don't you...
Have a seat sir, what's your name?
It's a term of entertainment.
Pietro.
Are you of Italian descent?
My parents are both Italian, but I was born in Canada,
then I lived in the UK for 10, 15 years.
This guy's fucking good looking.
Look at this guy.
You're like a modeled, are you like an international soccer star?
Well, I heard you did some modeling, though.
Huh? As a kid?
Yeah, well, I mean, better than me.
I've done, I've done shit all.
My mother tells me I'm quite ugly.
Like, constantly.
Is it right?
Yeah, no.
She says, yeah.
I look like a buddhura in Italian.
Buddhura?
Yeah.
I'm just like, yeah, just, you know, rough rogue.
Really?
Yeah.
Wow.
Is she here?
No.
No, no, I ran away to America for a bit.
Ah, well, this is cool.
Yeah.
It's nice to meet you.
Levi's like, can I please sit down now?
Do you have more questions about Belgium?
Why did you scream out wankers?
Which means masturbators.
Why did you scream out?
A wanker is somebody who masturbates
and doesn't know they're doing it, right?
I thought it just meant penis or what?
Or they know they're doing it.
I just mean like a wanker is somebody who's just
an animal that's like dirt stuff all the time.
No, no, in the UK, it's just like dick, I guess, here.
No, I know what it means.
Yeah.
But I just mean.
I mean, I do masturbate, but I do know that one.
How frequently?
Oh, it really depends.
I'm actually traveling with two guys over there,
so it's a bit awkward.
I was like, how frequently do you masturbate?
I tried today.
I need to pull back.
No, I know.
Like, you know, if I'm doing coursework, then yeah, a lot.
I do a lot of programming when I graduated, so.
So wait, does that mean a lot of masturbation?
Are you kidding?
If you're programming for 15 hours straight, you know.
No, I understand.
I'm sorry.
You watch a few episodes of Community,
you see Alison Brie, and you think, well.
Oh, OK.
Let's bring out our next guest, Alison Brie.
Everybody get your dicks out, Alison Brie.
Levi, who's your favorite community character?
Is that a dumb question?
Abbot.
Abbot, yeah.
It's sort of relatable.
Yeah, relatable.
You think you might be on the spectrum a little bit?
I mean, that's why, I mean, you're not half Arabic.
Who's actually played by a half Indian.
But yeah, you think maybe you're a little.
Yeah, a bit, I think.
Yeah.
Like on the playground, did anybody ever come up
to you and go, what are you doing?
And then you look down and like your pants are down.
Or you just have like a booger on your shirt,
or like, or you just, I don't know,
you're just doing something wrong,
and you didn't know it was wrong until like everyone
in a circle around you going, what are you doing?
You have a lot of memories like that.
Hypothetically, this is.
Don't stop, Dan.
Just go through.
They're going to Sarah walk up and.
So yeah, you put that into your pastry, like.
It's your, it's your.
That's all the croissants, it's layers of pain.
Is cooking a way of, do you put emotions into your cooking?
Is there, are you connecting with people when you're cooking?
Do you think of it as a, or is it like a trade?
Did your dad hand it down to you?
No, I actually started doing it because I didn't sleep well,
so I decided to come and bake it.
So you started in your own kitchen and then you.
Not really, I started going to school for it.
So you couldn't, you couldn't sleep so you got up
and you enrolled in a school.
You probably baked a couple of things at home first.
You probably have to bring those in when you apply, right?
There's a muffin I made, it's a crepe,
got kind of cold on the way over.
When you go to a school, when you're 12,
and then you have a trimester, you can try for baker,
for, with meat, I don't know, but sure, yeah.
And for a chef.
So in your school system, it's more trade-oriented, right?
Like it's not so much like funneling people into.
You have three courses.
Flanders.
Wankers.
And wankers.
Indian chief.
Candlestick makers.
You have the more traditional languages and stuff
like that, and then the more practical, like jobs,
like bakers, clothes makers, and stuff like that,
and art school.
How's the unemployment there?
Is everybody going to have a job?
Most people, yeah.
Not many homeless people.
That's nice.
Pietro.
Pietro, you were talking about programming,
so you're a computer?
No, I did mechanical engineering.
I just graduated in July.
Congratulations.
Did you live here in LA, Pietro?
No.
Actually, I'm technically homeless.
We got kicked out of a hostel because we
booked the wrong nights.
So we were actually going to sleep on our own.
You're visiting from London?
Yeah, we drove.
So we basically went to San Francisco first,
and then we went to sleep.
Like him, yeah.
I'm amazed we didn't meet.
When did you think of the hills?
The hills.
I went to, I started in Bristol, so I was used to hills.
It's very heavy.
Fuckin' Bristol.
Jesus Christ.
You know what they say about Bristol?
Full of cuts.
If you don't like walkin' on a level surface,
wait five minutes.
It'll change.
It's the hilliest fucking burrow of the whole Queen's realm.
Isn't Bristol cockney ramming flame for titties?
Bristol's city titties, right?
It is.
It's cockney ramming flame for boobs.
I'm going to teach you something about London, my friends.
You see it, you're like, oh, look, I know it's Bristol's.
You never heard that before?
No, I haven't.
Are you starting again?
I think we're more reserved, though, than in the US.
No, I learned this from a friend who's from London.
Really?
Yeah, it's cockney ramming flame.
I didn't.
I know.
I'm a privately educated guy.
Oh, well, Lonnie.
World's fanciest homeless guy.
In your private education, did they teach you
to scream wanker from the back?
Was that a day where you came to class with your little
messenger bag?
I'm sorry.
My monocle has a chip on it, so.
No, I got it.
That sounds like bullying.
He wasn't bragging.
He was saying, no, I've never heard that phrase.
He was saying he was private.
He's a fancy person.
He was explaining why.
He wasn't like, he wasn't.
He yelled wanker from the back of the room.
He's a hooligan.
He's a London hooligan.
You guys said, aren't titties called Bristol's?
And he said, I don't think so.
And you're like, I think they're called titties, Bristol's.
And he's like, I'd never heard that.
And he's like, but in London.
And he's like, well, I'm fucking posh.
But he's homeless.
But you have enough money to fly abroad and cruise about.
And you've graduated from a nice degree, probably.
Yeah, no.
What university did you go to?
Oxford.
I wish.
No, my friend did.
I went to Bristol.
I went to my internship.
There's another one.
Did you get double first to work at the college?
No, no, I didn't.
I parted way too much.
What did you read?
Well, I'm a mechanical engineering.
Really?
I did my main research which was in ultrasonic fluid
levitation.
So I levitated in.
Fluid levitation?
That sounds like code for a wanking.
In a swimming pool.
Jericho's in a swimming pool.
Who levitated some fluid in the hot tub?
That's just fancy.
I'm studying.
Don't tell me what tits are called.
What is fluid levitation?
You just use levitate particles of fluid.
You just keep going.
In the air.
So you create, set up a three-dimensional static.
So magnetics are for what?
Magnetic fields or what?
No, no, no.
This is done entirely using air and vibrations.
You just vibrate air.
Spencer, do you know about this?
Well, it sounds like, I mean, if you apply,
is it like a certain frequency?
It's like a wether state.
Yeah, so you set up a, you call them like acoustic horns
or an ungevian horn.
You put some piezoelectric elements behind it.
You apply an AC current to add it.
And then those vibrate because obviously piezoelectric
governments change size of kind.
He knows, he knows.
And then that sets up a standing wave,
which then you have nodes where you can put droplets in.
Well, speaking of which, do you like n-dubs?
Oh, I've heard of him.
No, no, not really.
I'm more of a dead mouse fan.
Yeah, dead mouse fan.
How do you feel about the chabs?
The chabs.
What the hell are the chabs?
What's going on?
The chabs.
There's a feedback loop happening right now.
I don't have an accent.
I'm about to levitate some fluids over here.
When Spencer said n-dubs, I genuinely
thought he was doing slang for the N-W-O-A-C-P.
I mean, they've really been slipping.
Yeah.
I saw a picture on the internet.
I'm sure this is not related at all.
I thought it was somewhere in Denmark or something
where some scientist had created a cloud in the middle
of a room.
It looked like a regular cloud.
Yeah, yeah, I saw it.
So was that you?
I was just wondering if that had to do with fluid limitation.
Yeah, it was my spare time.
That's interesting.
I mean, what do you now that you have this very specific
knowledge, what kind of job are you looking to?
I actually already got a job with Toshiba in the UK.
So I'll be doing research into futuristic city design, which
sounds a bit weird.
Why is Toshiba going to be designing cities?
Toshiba has the wherewithal to design a city.
What do you know?
Yeah.
Old Detroit has a cancer.
Cancer is called crime.
Toshiba City will be enforced by a new kind of law
enforcement.
Ladies and gentlemen, the fluid levitator 209.
Put your gloves down, wankers.
You have 10 seconds before I come on you.
Dumb.
That's dumb.
That's stupid.
Well, like, five.
I think that we have a really good lineup for D&D tonight.
I feel like this is like.
I don't know, but well, don't spring that out, Spencer.
How many characters do you have?
Camille's not here.
Yeah, so I guess one, right?
Camille.
So you say we have to choose between.
I'm not saying that.
I guess Jeff's saying that.
Right, that's a thing.
Leave I have a question, because you brought up the Danish.
Why is a Danish called the Danish?
Do you call it that?
What do you call a Danish?
They call it the here.
A Belgian.
The homeland.
We call it Puerto Kuchen, which basically is
a bit better, Puerto Kuchen.
Buter Kuchen.
Like a butter Kuchen.
Butter Kuchen.
Kuchen with butter.
Right, it's a bit better because of all the layers of butter.
Yeah, but a croissant is also layers of butter, right?
A lot of pastries have layers of sort of butter Kuchen.
That's all from the same dough.
Yeah, what kind of alternating current would you
need to apply to layers of butter to make it?
There's got to be a reason why this is happening.
Can we make the world's best croissant here tonight?
And it's like floating in the air.
It's just like croissant vapor that you walk into.
And you get a little bit of an electric shock,
but you're like, whoa, butter Kuchen.
First, Pietro would have to overcome
his abiding hatred of the Belgians.
I thought it was directed at the French, no?
I thought that was the joke.
I think we just have to go.
Yeah, sorry.
Yeah, thank you.
We never have any French people come to Harmontown.
It's good.
They're afraid to speak up.
What other countries are here?
Moi?
Oi!
Well, we know where he's from.
For us, we.
You can't.
I thought I heard people wooing for Canada.
Are you guys visiting from Canada?
We live here now.
OK.
Oh, you guys are.
Sorry.
You guys are so nice.
It's a melting pot.
You can't get out.
You don't get to retain any.
Levi, are you planning on going back home and spending
your life in Belgium?
Or would you rather, would you like to live here, maybe?
Jeff's looking for a roommate.
No, I'm going back home.
Sorry, Jeff.
What if he moved in with Jeff?
Or Jeff said that he moved in with him,
but he was a prisoner because of his life.
And Jeff just wanted his cooking.
And we'd just come over and Levi'd be like, hi, everybody.
And I had this like, like, scared look on his face.
And Jeff was like, no, he likes it here.
Can't you imagine a world where Jeff's like, yeah,
Levi's moving in.
And you know, in Belgium, they do that.
Like, Jeff starts wearing different ties
and is teaching us how to do, like, Belgian cooking.
And he just can't stop talking about Belgium.
And also, you go to Belgium, and then they
thank you for your innovations on there.
It's a nice world.
It's a compliment.
It's fine.
Pietro, you're going to go back to London?
You want to live in England most of your life?
Yeah, I think so.
Sorry.
Well, when Toshiba makes Toshiba City,
where is that city going to be?
What is it called currently?
Yeah, it's a twin sea, really.
So yeah.
Is it an idea?
Or is it a will?
They're really into, I mean, I guess this is California,
isn't it?
So they're really into, like, energy, smart energy systems.
So let's say it's really sunny in Los Angeles,
but it's pouring with rain in San Francisco.
And the soil of Hanzabra, could you divert energy efficiently
to San Francisco?
Yeah, I think about that.
Toshiba's going to build a city that's going to steal weather?
That's what I heard.
It's raining in San Francisco.
It should be over here.
The sun's out.
Our rain was stolen by a Japanese skyscraper.
Toshiba.
Toshiba's like the villain from Rainbow Brights.
It's like Mr. Burns on The Simpsons.
Get it.
Pietro, are you hard at work?
And the rain thief?
2,000?
I was trying to do it, Mr. Burns.
It didn't work out.
It sounded like you've heard of Herzog.
I thought to myself, as I watched the recent harm
in town that things were decrepit, almost painful.
I don't know.
So what do we do?
We got an extra person up here to leave.
I play a unicorn.
No, I should just go.
I feel like I really interrupted.
Something rather beautiful here.
But the crowd's falling in love with you, Pietro.
Yeah, you're just doing that.
The hearts and minds.
He's just doing that Downton Abbey,
like upper class, like humility thing.
I've been given so much.
Pietro, Lady Mary would love you to stay.
I know you need it, Mary, when I do.
I was a privately schooled.
I don't want to overstay my welcome.
This is your show.
No, you haven't.
No, you're both great.
You're both lovely.
It's an international Harmontown.
We're going to find something for Levi to do
in the middle of the game.
It's going to be an amazing non-player character
that Spencer comes up with.
Maybe he could be your kind of laconic, like Avengers
and kind of a like a.
Oh, he could be a Avenger.
Yeah, OK.
I like that.
Nailed it.
All right.
Are you familiar with Avengers?
Yeah.
All right, well, really, all right.
Well, he gets out the character sheets.
So you're watching community, which surprises me.
When people in non-English speaking countries
are watching community and going, like, I get it.
That's the funny joke about Pokemon.
But the, because that's American.
And so's Toshiba.
But then you're listening to Harmontown.
I mean, what, I guess I'm putting you on the spot.
I'm like some dumb person at a party going, like,
why do you like me?
I'm just wondering, like, when you're listening to,
are you, oh, I know it's because you're baking.
So you're like, you know, you want to listen to just,
like, white noise.
No, it just, it interests me.
Like, I also listened to the Nerdist writer's panel.
Like, all that stuff behind TV, and I like that.
You like pop culture and stuff.
Yeah, stuff like that.
What do you think about that acre?
That acre, Ben Acre.
Do you like better acre or blacker?
This guy doesn't even listen to the podcast.
Blacker, I guess.
OK.
Blacker, because he's blacker.
Blacker's better.
Thank you guys for being here.
All right, can we just, can we hand out the character sheets?
Like, you can do whatever you want, man.
Pass them down.
So I guess, Pietro, you're going to play Chris de Burgh.
Are you familiar with this?
I heard one or two podcasts.
So you're a thief, you're a rogue.
Oh, yeah, that makes sense.
You're a dashing British Italian fluid
levitating rogue.
That depends on Pietro, I think.
And what, wait, this must be Jeff's.
Get that all the way down to Jeff.
And then Levi, you're just playing my hawk of hunger.
He doesn't have a sheet.
Spencer, you good to go?
Wait.
Oh, this is Aaron.
There we go.
OK, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes.
Last time on Harmontown, our gang was under attack.
After escaping a black dragon and narrowly
dodging a crashing airship, our heroes headed out
of the purple canyons and found themselves on the road
to Rosebook with a robot baby named Lodgy.
Rosebook was a quaint little town at the outskirts
of the purple mountains, less than a mile away.
But as the gang drew closer, they saw a horse-drawn carriage
under attack by orcish marauders.
The gang leapt into action, all except Sharpie,
who was so busy masturbating that he didn't even
realize the deadly melee taking place all around him.
Sorry.
Our heroes struck, felling a third of the orcs
in a single moment as Sharpie waded into the fray,
yelling and confused.
Mulraine, perhaps possessed by the spirit of Duncan Trussell,
took her own life, stabbing herself in the eyes
and turning her brain matter into mush,
killing her instantly.
Cut the music.
Cut it off.
Kill it.
Kill the music.
Like Mulraine.
All right.
So yeah, that's what just happened.
You hear the beginning of a scream quickly cut short.
You turn to see Mulraine fall to the dirt, blood and brain
spilling from her eye socket.
A nearby orc sees this happen and attempts
to make it look like he did it.
He points it at his head with both thumbs
and goes, this orc.
No.
I react.
Is that the whole reaction?
Mulraine.
Is that his cum face?
I thought you said it was a plot twist.
Zero was masturbating.
All I dance faces are his cum face.
Think, think.
I'm just usually listening to the podcast when I'm coming.
Is that orcish?
Are we still battling those orcs?
Oh yeah, you're in the middle of a fight.
This happened in the middle of a combat.
So Mulraine is laying dead with a smushed brain.
And a sword in her face.
Yep.
It's tragic.
I take her sword out to avenge her suicide.
I charge at the orc in a barbarian rage.
You charge at the orc?
Oh, you miss him, though.
You charge at the orc, but maybe it's
the sword that you've never used before.
It just is too heavy or something.
I run back and put it back in her face.
Avenger, attack the nearest orc with your bird claws.
After giving your mighty Belgian scream.
That's just how they sound over there.
Yeah, no, it's like different countries
have different words for, you know, like cockadoodle-doo.
Yeah, in Spanish, chickens go, kikari, gukudu, gukudu-doo.
Avenger, the hawk with his battle cry,
scratches at the orc that Jeff or Quark
missed with his blade, and clawing his eyes
and dealing four damage.
The orc is running around screaming.
I'm going to do shocking grasp on him
if I can get to him.
On the same orc?
Yep.
All right.
You try to do that.
You miss also.
You lunge towards him with a shocking grasp,
but he nimbly dodges out of the way.
Voila being the hawked.
Yeah.
Which turn is it?
Well, it's that orc's turn.
He's trying to.
He tries to dislodge the hawk from his face,
but instead he just falls, and he impales himself
on Moran's face sword.
I guess it's not an impalement.
It's more of just a slice.
But you know, he's dead.
He's dead.
He tried to get the hawk off, and he killed himself.
Half the orcs are dead.
Nobody touched that sword.
The other orc, one of the other orcs
runs away just because he realizes he's outnumbered.
And then is that two left?
That's two left, I think.
Yeah, two left.
Two orcs left.
The other one just, he looks at the damage,
and he's kind of freaked out.
Is it Chris de Burghstern, then, maybe?
It would be, yeah, Chris de Burghstern.
Yeah, so can I throw my poison dagger at the last orc?
There's one more?
I think I said two more, right?
Two more.
But yeah, you do that, and you strike him right in the neck,
dealing four damage to his neck.
That's like a hawk knife.
Every little health.
Standard hawk damage, he bleeds quite heavily
and clutches at his throat, putting in a quark's turn.
I take my mighty greatsword out, and I aim right at his knee
caps and try to cleave his knees just like this way.
I don't want him to die fast.
I want him to bleed out.
You cleave at his knees, and you slice them open.
Wait, what's your damage again?
I can't remember.
I'm the mighty greatsword, his is 2DA plus 7.
He explodes for the knees.
Jesus Christ.
His discs rupture.
Jesus.
Plus a million against orcs.
The last orc, the leader orc.
He's wearing a helmet and holding a gold axe.
He grumbles.
He's like, I'm not going to die today, you bastards.
He pulls out a necklace.
Oh, I have it written down.
He pulls out a necklace from a pouch.
It's covered in three dangling glass bobbles, each of which
contains a blazing, fiery nexus of light.
He takes three or four measured steps back
and then hurls the necklace directly
into the middle of all of you guys.
Oh, thank you.
It strikes like a bullet directly
towards the horse-drawn carriage.
And for a split second, all you can hear
is the delicate shattering of glass.
But then a massive explosion rips forth decimating the carriage
and creating a large mushroom cloud in its wake.
You can see that gnome that was earlier atop the carriage
blasting off like a rocket.
He goes at least 20 feet upwards before plummeting back
into the earth, landing on packed ground
with a sickening snap.
He's still.
But the massive shockwave rips forth in all directions,
consuming all sorts of things in its blazing trail.
Make a reflex saves.
What are your reflex saves?
My reflex save is five.
I'm sad.
So infinite.
My dexterity is 14.
All right, well, I rolled really high.
So everybody saves.
I got five, so I got five, yeah.
All right, you all save.
Everybody but Jeff takes 13 damage.
So his blazing fire consumes your bodies
and lights things on fire.
Not your whole bodies, though.
Just 13 damage worth of your bodies.
But I rolled high.
I'm good?
Yeah, you're good because you got the dodgy.
All right, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, the whole carriage is consumed in a fiery blaze.
And then the orc, he clicks his heels together
and little feathers pop out of his boots.
And he flies away.
That hell kind of orc?
This isn't the last you've seen of Vathros the Mighty.
Aphros?
Vathros.
He disappears, leaving nothing but burning carnage.
Is that necklace still there?
Or is that what that consumed?
Bloated.
Vathros the Mighty.
I think we're going to see that guy again.
I hope we do.
I got to score to something.
And make a note that's how much three glass bulbs
do on a necklace.
You know, if anyone ever throws down one of those things
and it's got one on it, it'll be like, all right.
No biggie.
It's like an M80.
I go up to the gnome that snapped on the packed earth
and I examine his body.
He's pretty still, but his eyelids flicker open.
And he's like, oh, help me.
I can't move.
Sharpie, heal this man.
I'm a wizard.
You have no heal spells?
No.
No, that's not really a direction I went.
It shows the specialized in shrinking people.
Mulraine, do you have a heal spell on you?
Dead.
OK, I loot Mulraine.
Oh, I guess she got blown up.
Yeah, yeah, all the possessions anywhere in the fireball
explosion are completely worthless.
So she's gone?
She's just vaporized?
Yes.
Really?
She was in the fireball.
Yeah, I think that's how it works.
Well, OK.
Don't you have some good berries or something for the?
I don't.
That's a different game.
Oh, OK.
Sorry.
Well, OK, I guess the dust is kind of settling right now.
I guess we could take stock of the fact
that Mulraine, who we've grown to know and love,
is just she's been completely vaporized.
I go to the dying guy and I go, why were they attacking you?
I'm a brewer.
They were trying to steal from my distillery.
It blew up.
What, do you make potions or beer?
I make spirits.
Like beer spirits or?
Yeah, yeah.
A guy that can blow things up and fly with his boots
wanted to steal beer?
If I had to guess, I don't think he knew my wares.
He probably thought you had like potions or something.
Maybe.
I do my experiments out here to stay safe.
Beer experiments?
Yeah.
It's pretty volatile.
It's a moving still.
But now it's blown up.
It's gone, right?
It sure was.
Are you OK?
How do you feel right now?
I can't move at all.
I attempt to just, I massage him and try to heal him.
You massage him, making sure to stimulate his fascial layers.
He doesn't seem to react because his neck looks broken.
I do have a brew potion feet.
I don't know if I can look around.
I also have knowledge of, no I don't.
Well, everything's all blown up.
It's all.
I thought maybe I could see like a piece of milk thistle.
It was a crazy magic fireball.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I think what's happened, sir,
is that your back and or neck may be broken.
You're going to have to hold still for a while
and you don't have a choice.
How far away from the nearest city?
We're very close to my town Rosebook.
I should take me there.
I pick him up and throw him over my shoulder.
You're not supposed to move.
I heard somewhere you're not supposed to.
That guy was cast.
What about my mage hand spell?
Can I use that to lift a dude?
No, he weighs more than five pounds.
And levitate?
Oh, you could levitate him, yeah.
Like all the way to town?
Sure.
I'm going to levitate you.
I put him back down.
It's going to hurt a little, but not as much as that did.
I can't do anything.
Right.
We'll levitate you.
You lead the way to Rosebook.
You can see it from here.
OK.
Hocus pocus, body float us.
And as the body lifts into the air,
you begin to hear the loud rumbling of thunder
as the sky darkens above you.
Cracow, cracow, lightning, cracow, more lightning.
From the east, you can see a blazing white light
flying through the sky.
It's quite far away, but you can see even from here
that it's aloft on great wings of flame,
wings that shed flame onto the ground with each beat,
lighting fires and blazes all across the earth below.
Wait, wait, I can calm winds, it says here.
It doesn't look like it's winds.
Not even so down a little bit, no?
It's too far off, anyway.
It looks like it's maybe about six miles off.
It'll be some time before it gets here,
but it's definitely apocalyptic looking.
Like a storm's up, Rowan.
We've got to get out of here.
OK, let's run.
Everybody run to Rosebook.
I trot while levitating.
Hocus pocus, body float us.
You arrive at Rosebook.
You could see a ring of white monolithic pillars,
each draped in bright red roses.
It kind of forms a fence around the city,
giving a very secured and beautiful appearance.
You can see the front gate of the city
as several farmers with various livestock
are kind of ushered in by a few city guards,
the lead of which is a female paladin in bright shining armor,
kind of giving directions to the city guardsmen
ushering people inside for safety.
This way, move on by, looking good.
All right.
Mm-hmm.
You guys are close now.
You're right up there at the front gate.
Aaron, did you write a new character for us?
Mm-hmm.
You, female paladin, what is your name?
Yes, hello, hi.
And maybe give us a lengthy back story.
I pull up a rock and sit down for what
I intend to be a long period of a back story character.
I send Avenger, my Belgian hawk, to Avenger,
give your battle cry and go check out that storm.
So you don't risk anything, but see if you can get a vantage
point and report back.
Woo-hoo!
Avenger takes flight, so it's going to be some time
before he's returned, like at least five or 10 minutes.
Well, yeah, so who is this tough guy here?
Hey, everybody.
My name is Dignity Sarsgard.
I fight for truth.
I look for heroes.
I support heroes.
I myself am a hero.
That's a brave stance.
You know what, my friends?
Sometimes it is.
Sometimes it is brave, and I like to think of myself
as constantly brave.
Well, we just want to get in, so we'll just
nice to meet you where it's going to go past.
I saw you pull up a rock.
I'm from the town of Citrus.
You may have heard of a town covered in oranges.
Everyone wore orange, it was an orange-focused town.
But then one day, a rain thief, or a sun thief,
had I wish it was a rain thief, came by and just...
I pull up another rock.
You know what, enough about me.
You guys, uh...
No, we're just passing through.
We're just going to get through the gate,
and thanks to that, how do you do it?
Nice to meet you.
Yeah, but, uh, hey, when you get off...
I just got off.
Me, too.
So, um, so, stupid.
I didn't realize that you were on the job.
I take a 10-hour shift every day of looking for truth
and honor in everything that I see and feel.
It's my own job that I put upon myself,
but I would, uh, I was looking for a gang to travel with.
Yeah, I know, we're good, we're still...
I will join you!
We're still grieving over a lost friend.
I will join you.
Too soon.
You need...
Too much has happened, uh, Sarsgar.
You need protect...
Sarsgar, too much has happened.
I will...
Let's go!
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Sarsgar, we keep...
Like I always say, let's jazz for light.
What?
I just, what?
Jazz for light?
Guys, I pull a meeting with Sharpie and Chris de Burgh.
What?
I pull a sidebar.
Jazz for light?
Yeah, I pull Sharpie and Chris de Burgh aside of her.
Guys, I got a really bad vibe off of Jigna.
Off in the corner.
Zippin' out B, now, bye!
Well, she's, yeah, she's clearly...
No one paid her to be out the hero, and she's...
Look, we have enough on our plate.
We have enough on our plate right now.
Jazz for light?
She just strikes me as a kind of person that would probably hang out with us for a while,
get bored of who she is, and kill herself, and change her character.
It just seems like another one of these weird identity crisis ladies would keep meeting.
All right, yeah, well, I...
Hey, everybody.
Thank you, Andy.
I thought, I thought maybe...
I'm sorry, I know you guys are talking about...
Hi!
Uh, I just wanted to explain what jazzing for light means.
No, no, no, we got it.
We got it.
No, no, I just want...
I want you guys to take a note of jazz, like, like, improvisation, improvisation, improvisational
jazz.
We're love-actating a man who's dying.
It just means, like, you do whatever you want.
We have to get this guy in jail.
Right.
Okay, okay, I'll join you.
Okay!
Jesus.
Okay.
We're gonna ask you.
Let's zoom for truth.
She's just...
I'm changing her...
She's...
I pull another sidebar.
She just keeps making up catchphrases.
I gotta...
Trying way too hard.
I only have, like...
I have...
My man...
My manna is at, like, uh, 13 percent, uh, I gotta levitate.
This guy's gonna fall.
Yeah, I mean, we can...
Hey, Dignity, uh, we'll catch you on the flip-flop, we gotta get this guy inside.
It was nice to meet you, really.
Nice to meet you.
Uh...
I think our adventure days are over.
Yeah, we're...
We're kind of retiring.
I will absolutely join you.
One of my attributes is that I hear what God wants to hear.
I pull a third sidebar.
I go...
I go to the side and I realize he's not talking to me and I walk away.
Okay.
I pull a third sidebar.
I...
Sharpie, I'm gonna stab Dignity.
Sorry.
Now, come on.
We don't even have to...
Is there another guard there?
Can I ask?
I know a direction.
This man is wounded.
He needs...
He needs medical attention.
Oh.
What?
Who do you talk to?
I can heal.
Jesus Christ.
You can heal?
Dignity?
We've had a long day.
This man's back is broken, I think.
Well...
And you guys all burnt up.
Let me approach him.
Sorry.
And I got all burnt up.
I...
I approach the broken back levitated man.
You do that.
I use...
Heal.
I never thought I'd miss Mulraine Sedona.
And I...
Yes, I use that.
Wow.
My hero.
Well, heal skill is like just...
Okay, okay.
Well, under special...
Do you have a spell or a...
I do.
Under special abilities, I have a 3D6 damage heal.
What is it?
What's it called?
Heals.
Is it called?
Yeah.
Sure.
You touch the man and heal him for 14 points of damage.
His various vertebrae crack back into place.
He still can't quite move, but he's...
He can wiggle his toes a bit.
It's taken a lot of convincing, but I will join you on your quest.
We're not on a quest.
We're kind of...
We're finishing a quest.
Well, I just wish I knew what was going on with Avenger right now.
Yeah, Avenger comes back.
Oh, he's back.
He's five to 10 minutes.
And when he does, you realize...
I realize that in Belgium, they only have owls.
It's a small country and there's only so many birds of prey.
So, he could see it looks like a blazing figure of light kind of flying towards you.
It looks dangerous.
It's big.
So, it's 30 feet big.
Stand behind me.
Do we trust...
Well, I think we should get into the town, right?
I mean, these guys live in a place where there's...
I'm already in the town.
I walked away a long time ago.
I'm at a bar right now.
Is there an apothecary or a metastologist or a healer?
Yes, there is a metastologist in the center of town.
The sky's back.
It's still fucked up.
You did your best.
Thank you.
I don't like to list this big glowing light thing that's coming our way, guys.
I gotta drop this guy off so I can wash my hands of him.
Here, come into the town.
I'll show you around.
I have a...
Spencer, what is it called?
Constabulary.
Come to my...
I'm sorry.
What?
Okay.
Is there a hospital?
Yes.
In the Constabulary, there is a very sophisticated first aid kit.
And let's jam towards health.
All right.
So you killed your character off to become this completely different character.
You're the same confused person.
I don't know who you're talking to.
You're liberated.
I don't want to sit on stage with Reddit right now, I would like to just do the show.
Maybe some people said some things on Reddit and I thought I should kill myself.
It's a different vibe.
I'm trying to move.
I'm trying to sing towards light and truth.
You're playing the game based on Reddit?
I never go on there and defend myself.
I would like to just play the show and, you know, just go be positive and not worry about
what, you know...
Douche Coup, 69.
Douche Coup.
Bartman.
SpongeBob.
I mean, the reason why I killed my character is because I was talking about it for so long
and then last week I felt like it was the right thing to do.
And we can talk about that if you want.
But I felt like it was the right thing to do and I realized this is also what I did in
our private game.
You're responding to web negativity and that's why you're changing the character.
Not because you wanted to try other things.
I don't think that's what you're saying.
I mean, you've been so positive towards my character that I don't know why I wouldn't want to live
on forever.
I mean, you've been such a...
I've been the biggest supporter of your gameplay.
I find you delightful.
Sure.
This is starting to feel mean.
This guy needs a hospital.
I don't understand.
Let's go.
I whistle.
Oh, I whistle and it sounds very similar to...
Hootie-hootie.
What did you say?
Woo-hoo.
I whistle and a beautiful brown horse rides up.
I found this horse wandering around.
It's Coco.
You recognize...
You guys recognize that it's Coco.
I lift everyone.
I put them on.
Can we just call you Mulrainee?
Because you remind us so much of our friend that just died?
I resent this right now, Jeff.
Who's Jeff?
Exactly.
Who is Jeff?
Nothing.
I heard about Mulrainee.
I take the guy over my shoulder and I take him inside the fort.
That hurts really bad.
You're healed now, aren't you?
No, I'm a little healed.
I can't put him back down.
My arm's not broken anymore.
My neck.
He needs to be levitated to a goddamn healer.
I'm going to start walking with Coco towards the medicine cabinet
inside the cop house, the constabulary, thank you.
Two guards come out of the constabularians.
They look at you and they run over with a stretcher and grab the guy.
Stretching them along.
These guys are super fun.
They're really nice guys.
Thanks, dignity.
You're welcome, Joe.
She remembered.
What was that?
Avenger, when you saw this thing coming, how soon did you reckon it would get here,
based on its speed and your hawk knowledge?
Ten minutes.
Is that right, ten minutes?
I mean, you know, hawk time is like four times fast or something.
Forty minutes?
Here's the thing about me.
All of my spells are depleted and have been for like nine gaming sessions.
I was thinking that too, but there was a good three weeks that you guys were regenerating spells
and traveling to the Purple Man Mountains.
Oh, okay.
So I think you're good.
All right.
Good.
I mean, rest is always nice.
Yeah, can I make you guys some tea?
Yeah, you guys are in the constabulary.
There's men with guard outfits.
They're red and white uniforms.
They're kind of walking in and out.
There's a sitting room where you're kind of near with tables and benches and a few off-duty guards
sitting and drinking and talking.
No, these guys.
I give, I pull up a table and I put down tea for everybody.
It's a dry city.
Sorry?
Like, no, no.
For alcohol.
That's white tea.
Sorry?
Oh, right.
Everyone's drinking tea.
Even those guys drinking earlier were drinking tea.
I wouldn't mind going and finding out these crystal crabs and shit that we've gotten.
The Purple Cave are worth.
Remember those things?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, like crab things.
Is there someone in town that can appraise those items for us?
Who are you talking to?
One of the guards.
I don't know.
I'm off duty.
Is anybody on duty?
No one on duty is in the realm.
She's off duty, right?
You're off duty?
Yeah, I'm off duty spiritually.
I bet she doesn't even work here.
Who knows, man?
You know these guys.
Spencer, do I know of a guy?
A what?
What was it we were just looking for?
I don't know.
I saw the guards.
In 40 minutes or so, there's a giant storm brewing that's coming our way.
We need to defend the city.
Do you guys have defenses in an army that can protect us?
Yes.
You sense of urgency worries me.
That was me the Dungeon Master because you weren't asking anybody.
That's from the guard.
They're off duty.
Look.
Do I know?
Spencer, I appealed to their desire to be alive later on.
Whether they're working or not.
As dignity, do I have knowledge of who's in charge of defense for the city?
Yeah.
The guy who's in charge of everything, including the defense of the city, is the main patriarch,
whose name is Father Tender.
Hey.
Hi.
Don't have to ask me twice.
Hey, little guy.
No, look up.
Hey.
Hi.
My name is Quark.
Quark.
Yes.
Dignity.
Hello.
Hi.
Thank you for the warm reception.
You got it.
I heard you talking.
I would like to introduce you to the...
I know.
You keep coming up into our sidebars.
Yeah.
Twice a week.
I wash my hair twice a week.
So I would like to introduce you to a very special person.
He's right around the corner.
Can I lead you there?
I know you're talking about defense.
Yes.
As a new member of your gang that will forever be with you and never leave, I would like
to show you...
No matter even if someone says on Reddit to change your character.
This one's here to stay.
Look, I'm not looking for more compliments.
All right.
So we...
So I lead them.
I gesture to them and walk out and show them Father Tender's.
Yeah.
But before you could even open the door, the doors swing wide and you can see Father Tender
himself was striding through.
He's a very handsome older man in white robes embroidered with red roses.
He marches inside with guardsmen to his left and to his right.
He says, greetings, guardsmen.
Father Tender here.
Thank you for your service.
You're all doing a fine job.
Then he looks at Quark and his face hardens.
He glances over at Dignity.
Dignity, who are all these new faces?
These are my best friends.
These are my potential lovers.
These are my future adventure haver together withers.
These are the most important people on the face of the planet.
This is Quark.
He's great.
And this is Sharpie.
I overheard your name.
He's very strong.
This is Avenger.
This is Christopher, who's been quietly listening.
Pleased to meet you.
He's very fancy.
My new friends are concerned with the safety of the city and I would like to help them
protect the city.
There's a big white ball coming.
Oh, I know.
Your adventure is, huh?
It's dangerous work, isn't it?
It brings danger all around, doesn't it?
There's a big white ball coming.
We don't really like danger so much here in Roseville.
Are you animatronic?
No, no.
We follow our beliefs strictly and the Rosa Crucian Codex clearly states that
danger is evil.
And right now, we've got a whole lot of it.
I don't know if you know out there, but there's a demon coming right for us,
blasting hellfire and screaming bloody murder.
And I think you're behind it, Gnome.
Gnomes are always trouble.
I'm not behind it.
It just came in here.
We just brought a gnome in.
Yeah, he points at the broken gnome.
Ever since this gnome has been coming through town, making immoral drinks and
poisoning our citizens, we've lost our God's favor.
If you could excuse me, I need to pray.
My clerics are already at the Soul Rods, reinforcing our wards.
He looks over at dignity with a lecherous gaze and says,
you know, my Soul Rods already rigidly reinforced.
So, as he walks out, he says,
feel free to stop by my juicery if anyone wants me to give him my special juice.
What?
New friends, you don't want the special juice.
It's not that special. Everyone in this town can generate it, and his is warm.
Hey, Sharpie, Chris, let's get the hell out of this town.
I don't like the looks of Father Tender.
I don't like anything about this town.
We dropped the guy off. We did our duty. Let's just keep moving.
Yeah.
Can I run out after Father Tender and use diplomacy?
Sure.
Okay. Chase after Father Tender.
What are you saying?
This gnome is not responsible for this demon.
This gnome is necessary to the safety of this town,
and you should treat this gnome like the special guest that he is.
Ah, you're right. I'll do that.
But I got my eye on him.
If you guys bring any more trouble, you're all fucked.
It's what he says when he leaves every room.
It's his thing.
And he traipses out.
All right. Well, I don't know. I feel bad for this town. There's a thing coming.
I guess I don't feel bad about this town at all.
We've got a shitty reception from the get-go.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
We've done worse things to people who have done less to us.
Wait, do we still have a robot baby with us?
Oh, yeah.
Just checking.
I'm a power unit. I'm 300 gold.
He could have been the robot baby. Fuck.
Oh, yeah.
That's on me, man. You're doing a great hawk, though.
The hawk is the highlight of my life.
It's my new ring.
How far is it?
I go up to the walls, the rosy walls of Rosebook and look over and check out the light storm coming towards.
You can see the light storm drying nearer.
It's coming way faster than you'd ever expected.
And as it nears, you can hear a voice calling out from the void.
It sounds like...
Oh, shit.
Heading straight towards the town.
And with an instance, it's upon you, but crashing towards the town,
it smashes directly into solid air above the town.
You see white wards sizzling and popping in midair,
burning the angel's flesh and compelling it outside of the city.
It circles around a few times, crashing into the barrier for longer.
It stands firm.
Yoshi, the angel, right?
Yep. Yomiji?
Yomiji.
You can't seem to get into the barrier.
Wow, the soul rods kept him out.
I told you!
Aside from that guy's lack of sexual harassment training,
I guess he's an effective leader.
He's got this place buckled down.
One of the guards pokes at her and speaks up.
He's like, you know, that guy wasn't always a perv.
Uh, hi.
That's all. See ya.
This is a weird city's town, that's weird.
So we're safe, we're good.
It's over.
Where do we go next?
I walk out of the constabulary and walk into town to see if there's anyone...
Are we going to try to cash in our little crystal crab thingies?
Everyone seems kind of occupied, looking at a giant flaming angel demon.
Is it still, it's just hovering out there?
Yeah, it's attacking this barrier immensely.
It's still trying to get in.
Yeah, it's like a velociraptor, texting the weaknesses in an electrical fence.
I don't think we're leaving this place until we take care of this guy.
Is there a wise man in town, a dignity?
No.
Do we know that there's a wise man?
Or a wise woman?
I mean, Mr. Father Tender is basically our wise man, and you saw how wise he is.
I mean, it could be the first on a list of many harrowing great adventures for you to join me in defending this city.
And we can all jam towards the light.
And if there was ever someone I wanted to jam towards light with, I mean, I think it would be you.
You're very particular.
And I like that.
I like how particular you are.
I realize you just lost your friend.
I don't think you care at all.
Really?
No.
I know, of course I do.
You never met her.
You don't know how much we cared about her.
I have her horse.
I fucked that horse.
Well, then you love her.
I'm saying, maybe we got off on the wrong foot, we've had a very long day.
The last thing you want is more adventures.
We've had it up to here with adventures.
Well, then come to the flat where I'm staying and I made a blanket fort.
You're not concerned about this angel attacking?
No, I am, but you're telling me that you're tired.
I'm saying this when we first met, you wanted to go on more adventures.
I'm saying, look, it was like we're tired.
Friends just got killed.
Well, she killed us all.
Jeff, say we don't want to go on any more adventures again.
But say my name is my actual name, Quirk.
We don't want to go on any more adventures.
Well, Quirk.
And I look up at the angel.
I don't think the adventure cares.
Wait, wait, wait.
And then, I'll say my line again.
I'll say my line again.
Then you say your line again and I want to hear adventure just like you.
Just kind of chime in after you.
All right.
You know what?
But make it a special adventure cry that this has a little bit of fear in it.
Or like kind of like a cliffhanger.
Like it's like a...
Yeah, foreboding.
Like ominous, like...
Yeah, yeah, pressure.
You know what, Sharpie?
I don't want to go on any more adventures.
Well, Quirk, I don't think the adventure cares.
Woo-hoo!
Let's hear for Levi from Belgium, everybody.
Pietro from London.
Thank you very much for all that.
Erin McGathy, Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Your mayor, Dan Harmon.
Thank you all for coming.
I'm Aaron Marshall. Everybody here in the down-comments will put it on.
We love you. Drive fast and take chances.